From: kelly.morrison@innovatelab.com
To: project-team@innovatelab.com
Subject: Weekly Update & Miscellaneous Items - Week of Jan 15
Date: Monday, January 15, 2024, 8:30 AM

Good morning team,

Hope everyone had a good weekend! A few updates and small tasks to keep us on track this week.

PROJECT STATUS UPDATE:
The website redesign is progressing well. We're about 75% complete on the frontend implementation. Backend API integration is scheduled for next week. No major blockers at the moment.

HOUSEKEEPING ITEMS:

1. TIMESHEET REMINDER
Everyone, please remember to submit your timesheets by Friday EOD. We've had some delays the past two weeks and it's causing issues with payroll processing.

2. OFFICE SUPPLIES
Jake, when you get a chance this week, could you order more whiteboard markers for the conference rooms? We're running low. No rush, but would be good to have by end of next week.

3. TEAM LUNCH
We're doing our monthly team lunch next Wednesday, January 24th at 12:30 PM. It's at Mario's Italian Restaurant downtown. Please RSVP by Thursday so I can give the restaurant a headcount.

4. DOCUMENTATION UPDATE
Nina, I noticed the API documentation hasn't been updated since December. Could you spend some time this week updating it with the recent endpoint changes? It doesn't have to be comprehensive, just the critical updates so the QA team can continue testing. Aiming for completion by end of this week would be great.

5. CLIENT MEETING NOTES
For those who attended the client call last Friday, please share your notes in the shared drive folder. Mark, I know you were taking notes - could you upload them by tomorrow? The client mentioned some feature requests that we should track.

6. CONFERENCE ROOM BOOKING
FYI - Conference Room A will be unavailable Thursday afternoon (2-5 PM) due to maintenance. Please use Room B or C for any meetings you have scheduled.

7. SOFTWARE LICENSE RENEWAL
Amanda, our Adobe Creative Cloud licenses are up for renewal in February. Can you check with everyone who needs continued access and submit the renewal request by January 26th? Finance needs a week lead time for approvals.

That's all for now. Have a productive week, everyone!

Cheers,
Kelly Morrison
Project Manager
InnovateLab
